d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.exe.config
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.exe
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.pdb
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\FireSharp.dll
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\try-wpf-firebase.csproj.App.config
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\try-wpf-firebase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.g.resources
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool_Firebase.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\try-wpf-firebase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.exe
d:\profiles\kasem.wongsa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MySchool-Firebase\MySchool-Firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.pdb
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.exe.config
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.exe
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.pdb
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.exe
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.pdb
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\FireSharp.dll
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\try-wpf-firebase.csproj.App.config
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\try-wpf-firebase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool-Firebase.g.resources
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\MySchool_Firebase.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Profiles\Kasem.Wongsa\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\try-wpf-firebase\try-wpf-firebase\obj\Debug\try-wpf-firebase.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
